PLATOON 2 CLINCHES FIRST POSITION IN INTERPLATOON DRILL COMPETITION.

 Platoon 2 has today clinched the first position in the 2024 Batch A Stream 1 Interplatoon Drills Competition  which held at the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp, Ede.

The competition which was sponsored by the Commander Engineering Construction Command Nigeria Army, Ede featured a display of strength, agility and unity by the Corps Members.

The Camp Commandant, Capt. JA Bello, in his address noted that the drill competition reflected the highest level of the camp's regimented nature. He noted that the competition also fosters unity and integration among the Corps Members. It also instills discipline, physical and mental alertness in them.

 He thanked the State Coordinator, Mr Ndoma Obim for providing an enabling environment for the competition to hold and the ECC Commander for providing the tools needed for the drills. 

The team of Judges who comprised of four high ranking officers, Lt Ogbobi, Lt Ukaibe, Lt Dangiwa, Lt Akinde, assessed the different platoons on the basis of their turn out, (dressing and Uniformity), word of command, slow march, quick march, open and close order, eyes right and eyes left, dressing into line and the review order. The judges who proceeded to the parade ground to carry out inspection on the platoons left the crowd cheering with their beautiful display of order. 

The event captured intriguing Moments from the different platoons who made their display and procession on the parade ground. On the command of their guard commander, they brought to life the training and discipline they have been subjected to the past few days.

 Platoon 2 with guard commander Chigozie Ebubechukwu Goodness, LA/24A/3322 went on to clinche the first position with a total point of 70%, leaving Platoon 1 and 4 with the 2nd and 3rd position respectively. Platoon 8 however copped the Otondo giant spoon coming 10th position.

Present at the event was the Commander Engineering Construction command Nigerian Army, Ede who was ably represented by Lt. Col VJ Ibekwe; the State Coordinator, Mr Ndoma Obim Agbor; the Camp Director, Mrs Taiwo Fatimah; and other distinguished camp officials. 

The event ended in a jubilation mood as Corps Members celebrated with their Platoons capturing on photograph the victorious moments.